cv.md, before:

# Dzmitry Obukhov
## Contacts

* **Location:** Lida, Belarus
* **Phone:** +375 44 700-66-93
* **Email:** tomtylorr@gmail.com
* **GitHub:** TomTylorr

## About Me
My name is Dima, I am 30 years old, I love web development. My goal is to get a job as a web developer.

## Skills

* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript 
* Git
* PHP
* WordPress
* Tilda
* 1C-Bitrix

## Code Example

```
function smallest(arr) {
    let smallest = arr[0];
    let smallestIndex = 0;

    for (let i = 1; i < arr.length; i++) {
        if (arr[i] < smallest) {
            smallest = arr[i];
            smallestIndex = i;
        }
    }
    return smallestIndex;
}

// Function sorting by choice

function selectionSort(arr) {
    let newArr = [];

    for (let i = 0; arr.length; i++) {
        let min = smallest(arr);
        newArr.push(arr.splice(min, 1));
    }
    return newArr;
} 
```
## Experience
Sites that I made myself: https://tomtylorr.github.io/rpz.by/, fasad-mg.by, микрон.бел, sklu.net

## Education
**Courses:**
* Hexlet
* HTML Academy
* WebForMySelf

## English
Upper-intermidate ( I practiced English when I worked in my city for the Chinese at the Wintrid trading company )

Commit message:

feat: add information into CV 1

cv.md, after:

# Dzmitry Obukhov
## Contacts

* **Location:** Lida, Belarus
* **Phone:** +375 44 700-66-93
* **Email:** tomtylorr@gmail.com
* **GitHub:** TomTylorr

## About Me
Hi! My name is Dima, I am 30 years old. Since 24 years I have been interested in web development, but so far more was as a hobby. Now I want to turn my hobby into a source of income.

## Skills

* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript 
* Git
* PHP
* WordPress
* Tilda
* 1C-Bitrix

## Code Example

```
function smallest(arr) {
    let smallest = arr[0];
    let smallestIndex = 0;

    for (let i = 1; i < arr.length; i++) {
        if (arr[i] < smallest) {
            smallest = arr[i];
            smallestIndex = i;
        }
    }
    return smallestIndex;
}

// Function sorting by choice

function selectionSort(arr) {
    let newArr = [];

    for (let i = 0; arr.length; i++) {
        let min = smallest(arr);
        newArr.push(arr.splice(min, 1));
    }
    return newArr;
} 
```
## Experience
Sites that I made myself: https://tomtylorr.github.io/rpz.by/, fasad-mg.by, микрон.бел, sklu.net

## Education
**Courses:**
* Hexlet
* HTML Academy
* WebForMySelf

## English
Upper-intermidate ( I practiced English when I worked in my city for the Chinese at the Wintrid trading company )
